Reviewer #3: This paper was interesting for this reviewer to read, but I am not sure it will find its readership if published in Acta Mat.  It is rather atypical in its focus on algorithmic and computational aspects whereas Acta papers are traditionally more focused on physical aspects of material behavior.  I understand quite well where the authors are coming from but, really, will a typical Acta reader go into all or any of the technical details presented here?  I am not necessarily recommending doing it, but if I were its author, I'd rather submit a brief but logical summary of this work to Scripta and a full article to some other journal more directly focused on data sciences.  

Having wrote all that above, I find the logic and the methods presented here elegant and potentially quite useful. Especially nice is the idea to map all symmetry equivalent representations of a given GB to a single point inside the Voronoi volume.  Then, the approximate euclidization of the resulting space is making interpolations so much faster.   On its technical content, it is a high quality paper.  And very well written.  The authors even post their user friendly maltab functions that can be used by others to much benefit.

And a couple of miscellaneous comments:

1.  Unless I missed it somehow, the authors are not giving a comparison of their, say, GPR predictions for Ni against the original computed data of Olmstead.  Instead, in Fig. 6 they only compare their four interpolation functions with the BRK function.   But the BRK validation function is an interpolation function itself so, while it is obviously useful for generating synthetic training data, it is smoother by construction than the atomistic data set to which it was fitted. It would be of interest to compare BRK and GPR interpolations directly to Olmstead's atomistic data. 

2. Is it really important to be able to fit to 50,000 boundaries?  Given uncertainties in experimental and computational determination of the GB energy, how much really gained by sampling so many more GBs than 388 in Olmsted's dataset?